### Run with seeds 1, 2, and 3, and compute whether each virtual address generated by the process is in or out of bounds. If in bounds, compute the translation.


### Run with these flags: `-s 0 -n 10`. What value do you have to set `-l` (the bounds register) to in order to ensure that all the generated virtual addresses are within bounds?

`-l` or the limit, must be set to $930$, which is 1 more than the highest virtual address given 

### Run with these flags: `-s 1 -n 10 -l 100`. What is the maximum value that base can be set to, such that the address space still fits into physical memory in its entirety?

The physical memory size is 16KB and the argument address space size is 1KB, so the maximum value that the base could be set to is 15KB. If the address space were shrunk to reflect the fact that we want the limit to be 100KB based on the args passed to the simulation than we could move the base up to 15.9KB.

###  Run some of the same problems above, but with larger address spaces (`-a`) and physical memories (`-p`).

### What fraction of randomly-generated virtual addresses are valid, as a function of the value of the bounds register? Make a graph from running with different random seeds, with limit values ranging from 0 up to the maximum size of the address space.

I'm not willing to make this graph but it seems obvious that, regardless of the seed, the percentage of randomly-generated virtual addresses that are valid will approach 100 as the limit approaches the maxiumum size of the address space. 
